>> Mike North: When talking about
dedicated workers and shared workers, so
dedicated workers are by
far the most common.
And when a script creates a worker
using that worker constructor,
let's say it's our app.js, inside there,
we're creating this worker.
Only that frame in which that script
is running can talk to that worker.
So if you were to have an iframe,
and even if it's in the same origin,
it's not going to be able
to connect to that worker.
So whatever, the creator can talk to it,
it can talk back to the creator,
and that's it.
For our purposes, the exercise we're
going to work on is we're going to
take something that is
computationally very intensive.
And move it so that it's done in parallel,
off of our main thread,
this will suit our needs just fine.
Shared workers allow inter-frame
communication to happen, right?
So you could have one worker running,
and three iframes,
two browser tabs, and another window
are all connecting to this thing.
You'll basically open up sockets and can
allow multiple things to connect to it.
While this is interesting,
usually it is not the tool that you need,
in terms of just taking
advantage of pure parallelism.
So just know that it exists,
know that if you want to build
some app that has five iframes
talking to each other.
This is probably something
that you should research, but
that is not really taking us further
down the progressive web app road.